https://warhammer-empire.com/theforum/index.php?topic=14794.0

Person 1:
white undercoat
red first, and the blue second. You can corrent smudges of red with blue, but it's very hard the other way around.
skin tone and black for all the metal bits.
metal in Boltgun and apply a hefty drybrush of Mithril for that crisp steel shine.
touch up the red and blue again. Use a light grey over any smudges you made over the red, before applying more red, to reduce the colour difference.

Now use a special mix of Red Ink and Brown Ink (about 2 parts red to 1 part brown), watered down with a TINY amount of dish soap to break the surface tension, and liberally apply it over the red areas.
If you want to, you can then mix red and bleched bone about 3 to 1 and highlight the red, but it will look fine with just ink.
On the blue parts, apply a highlight with blue mixed with white (say 3 parts white to 1 part blue, as the white is very quickly lost in the mix - mess around with it a bit to get a good highlight colour).

For extra contrast on the miniature, paint the socks a pure white, and paint all the ribbons and feathers white too, as a fresh undercoat.
Then paint the ribbons and feathers as you please - For example, ribbons are yellow and feathers are white with a red tip, but change this if you want to use these details to set your regiments apart from each other.

Skin areas are given a lick of flesh wash and then it's just a matter of painting eyes and bases.

Person 2:
Red - Scab red (1 thick coat) followed by highlight of Blood Red (2 thin coats)
Blue: Regal Blue (1 thick coat) followed by highlight of Enchanted Blue (2 thin coats)
Metal: Boltgun Metal highlighted liberally with Chainmail.
Black Boots (NEB) with Grey higlight; OR Pure white socks (6th ed.)
Feathers are patined grey first, and then highlighted with pure white. Black stripes are put in for variation.
Sword hilts and armour edges are painted shining gold with chestnut ink to retain that regal look.
Flesh is a layer of dwarf flesh, followed by a highlight of 1:1 Dwarf:Elf Flesh, then a watered down layer of Flesh Wash.



Vibrant Red:
primed white and base coated using Vallejo Game Color Bloody Red.
I think I would have used Red Glaze also from Warcolors range.
Blood Angel Orange or equivalent to highlight the red
Warcolours Red Glaze : Closest Functional Match: Blood Angels Red (Contrast) mixed with Contrast Medium (4 or 5 parts medium to 1 part paint).



List:
Macragge Blue
White Scar
Asurmen Blue
Technical Medium

Chain mail
Black Wash
Runefang Steel

Evil Sunz Scarlet
Baal Red
Contrast Medium
Blood Angel Orange
Warcolours Red Glaze : Closest Functional Match: Blood Angels Red (Contrast) mixed with Contrast Medium (4 or 5 parts medium to 1 part paint).

